Add dark theme and theme switcher (#540)
pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme: docs/user_guide/customizing.rst

   Note that these are `CSS variables <css-variable-help_>`_ and not
   `SASS variables <https://sass-lang.com/documentation/variables>`_.

>    The theme is defined with CSS variables, not SASS variables! refer to the previous section if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The theme is defined with CSS variables, not SASS variables! Refer to the previous section if
```

>    you desire a differnet behaviour between the light and dark theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   you desire a different behavior between the light and dark theme.
```
